# June 2017 Logs

##### June 2, 2017

I'm at [the 200OK conference](/200ok.us) today. Gave a talk on Serverless Architectures in Node.JS.

I've been working on an AVR project-- essentially I want to make an AVR chip into an I2C/SPI/whatever peripheral in order to run hardware tests for my bus-pirate npm module. Turns out this [may benefit the bus-pirate firmware project as well](https://github.com/BusPirate/Bus_Pirate/issues/22), so that's fun.

So far, I have the I2C peripheral code \*kind of\* working. You can see more in the [ATMega328 Testing Peripheral](/atmega328-testing-peripheral.md) section for more. Next I want to finish the I2C, then move on to SPI.

[here's the repo for the test peripheral.](https://github.com/nodebotanist/node-bus-pirate-tester)

I'm still noodling with the combination of the [SX1509 IO expander and 4x4 LED button grid from SparkFun](/sx15094x4-led-button-grid-project.md). I can get colors to show up via PWM, but my soldering in the past has led to a few bugs. Once I fix that and verify it, I want to move it from BusPirate lines to Node via either J5 or mraa on the edison.

Other than that, I might be building light-up armor soon. We will see.

Finally, I intend to more fully document my [Serverless Skateboard builds](/serverless-skateboards.md) this month.

Then of course there's the monumental task of moving all relevant documentation from the existing publicly-available OneNote Notebook to GitBooks. I basically plan to move info over as I use it, culling old and unused research. I don't ever intend to delete my original notes-- just eventually all updates will end up here.

**June 26, 2017**

It's been quite a month! I did an IoT NodeBots workshop at DinosaurJS \(docs [here](https://www.gitbook.com/book/nodebotanist/dinosaurjs-2017-workshop/details)\) and have resumed [livestreaming rom the lab](https://www.twitch.tv/nodebotanist). My priorities have shifted a bit though-- I have my Calculus III final tonight, but after that I have my first substantial break from school in over a year, and I intend to got a lot of robotics done during that break.

I am going to start a video series on the Bus Pirate-- it's a great tool with not enough content. I'll start a section with notes on that once I conquer these surface integrals!

Later that night...

Test completed. Cobbled together a pile of sensors and peripherals to reverse engineer and convert to Node. Started working on ideas for Bus Pirate video tutorials.

